[DOCU-841] 17.7 Resource management  https://community.openproject.or… (#24204)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/users-permissions/organization/README.md

---
sidebar_navigation:
  title: Organization
  priority: 969
description: Define your company organization by creating departments and assigning users.
keywords: organization, departments, users, hierarchy, resource management, administration
---

# Manage organization

<div class="glossary">

An **Organization** represents your company's organizational structure in OpenProject. It consists of **departments** and **sub-departments**, which can be arranged hierarchically to reflect reporting lines and team structures. Users can be assigned to departments to support resource planning and reporting.

</div>

To manage your organization, navigate to **Administration** → **Users and permissions** → **Organization**.

The **Organization** page lets you create and maintain your company's organizational hierarchy.

> [!TIP]
> You can also import an existing organizational structure through [LDAP department synchronization](../../authentication/ldap-connections/ldap-group-synchronisation).

## Organization overview

The page is divided into two parts:

- **My organization** (hierarchy view) on the left.
- **My organization** (table view) on the right.

> The hierarchy view displays your departments as a tree structure. Each department can contain multiple sub-departments, allowing you to build your organizational hierarchy. The table view lists the same departments in tabular form.

Reviewer: > The table view lists the same departments in tabular form.

It displays the children of the currently selected department from the hierarchy view.

The text makes it sound a bit like the 2 areas are disconnected. They are not really. clicking a department in the tree shows you its sub-departments and members in the table

> The hierarchy view displays your departments as a tree structure. Each department can contain multiple sub-departments, allowing you to build your organizational hierarchy. The table view lists the same departments in tabular form.

Author: ```suggestion
The hierarchy view displays your departments as a tree structure. Each department can contain multiple sub-departments, allowing you to build your organizational hierarchy.

Selecting a department in the hierarchy updates the table view to display its direct sub-departments and members. This lets you navigate your organizational structure in the hierarchy while viewing and managing the contents of the selected department in the table.
```
